README.md, before:

# Hi people ! 💥
:wave: Welcome, I'm Erwan, currently a student in Front-End Web Development.

:zap: I am very interested in the developer's job and in the news of programming languages.

### Focus 🎯
- 👀 I love learning and trying new things.

- 🧠 I'm currently improving my skills of
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-orange?style=flat&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-blue?style=flat&logo=CSS3&logoColor=white)
but mostly 
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-yellow?style=flat&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white)

- :hammer_and_wrench: I use these tools
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;Code-white?style=flat&logo=Visual+Studio+Code&logoColor=blue)

### Soft skills 👌🏻
- :writing_hand: Perfectionnism

- :exclamation: Responsibility
 
- ✅ Involvement

### Contact me :love_letter:
You can follow me or contact me by 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/ebrevault/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ebrevault/)
or
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/erwanbrev/)](https://github.com/erwanbrev/)


**See you soon !**

---
![StatsRepo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=erwanbrev&theme=blue-green)

![counterGitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/erwanbrev?style=social)

Commit message:

Added link to my website and changed some infos

README.md, after:

# Hi people ! 💥
:wave: Welcome, I'm Erwan, currently a student in Back-End Web Development.

:zap: I am very interested in the developer's job and in the news of programming languages.

### Focus 🎯
- 👀 I love learning and trying new things.

- 🧠 I'm currently improving my skills of
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-blue?style=flat&logo=PHP&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-lightpink?style=flat&logo=SQL&logoColor=white)
and also
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-yellow?style=flat&logo=Javascript&logoColor=white)

- :hammer_and_wrench: I use these tools
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;Code-white?style=flat&logo=Visual+Studio+Code&logoColor=blue)

### Soft skills 👌🏻
- :writing_hand: Perfectionnism

- :exclamation: Responsibility
 
- ✅ Involvement

### Contact me :love_letter:
You can follow me or contact me by 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/ebrevault/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ebrevault/)
,
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=GitHub&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/erwanbrev/)](https://github.com/erwanbrev/)
and by my [website](https://erwanbrevault.fr).


**See you soon !**

---
![StatsRepo](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=erwanbrev&theme=blue-green)

![counterGitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/erwanbrev?style=social)
